story/story.md, before:

﻿#Adventures in Texia 2: The Lost Tower

##Story

This game is a sequel to a text-based adventure game I made with Java in Summer 2013 (Adventures in Textia). This game stars the hero from my first game who jouneys to a new land, after he defeated Drake the Duck-Dragon, to find the mysterious Lost Tower. He journeys through a vast forest until he finds a clearing where an old man in a black hood stands. This man has a quest for our hero, to find 6 special items inside the tower. Our hero leaves the forest and into a field where the Lost Tower resides. He enters the tower where his 2nd adventure begins. Inside the Lost Tower he will have to journey through  its many areas to find and defeat the 6 bosses in order to complete the old man's quest and to discover the mystery of the Lost Tower.

After thwarting the tower's 6 bosses and obtaining each of their items, our Hero returns to the forest where the old man is waiting. Once he arrives, the old man accepts the 6 items and then tells our hero that he has made a terrible mistake; these 6 items have restored the Old Man to his previous potential and he is now the Shadow Warlock who can use the abilities of the 6 bosses and his own evil magic. Using the almighty power of the Awesome Sword he defeats the warlock and obtains his Cloak of Darkness. Our hero then learns that the Lost Tower was created to prevent the return of the Shadow Warlock by hiding the 6 items he needed inside and guarding them with the 6 bosses. Our hero returns the 6 items back to the Lost Tower; the 6 bosses thank him and tell him that he may keep the Cloak of Darkness as long as he never returns, if he were to do so, he would become the Shadow Warlock. They lastly tell him that this Cloak of Darkness has special properties that could help him in the future. He asks what they are but the bosses tell him that he'll just have to figure out on his own.

##Areas, Bosses, Items

- Art Gallery - Mr. Paint: Magic Paintbush
- Dungeons - Giant Spider: Spider Egg
- Freezer - Santa Claus: Candy Cane
- Great Maze - Cubix Rube: Pixel
- The Tallest Steeple - Randomly Exploding Wizard Guy: Electric Dynamite Stick
- Dream World -  Your Nightmare: Reality Powder
- Forest - Shadow Warlock: Cloak of Darkness

##Boss abilities and stuff

- Mr. Paint: paints enemies maybe, 
- Giant Spider: Shoots webs,
- Santa Claus: Throws presents and/or snowballs, 
- Cubix Rube: Flips gravity maybe, shoots pixels at hero,
- REWG: Throws dynamite,zaps your with lightning, 
- Nightmare: Maybe turns into the form of Drake the Duck-Dragon
- Warlock: uses other bosses abilities and combines abilities maybe

##Common enemies

- Paint Glob - found in Art Gallery
- Portrait - found in Art Gallery
- Spider - found in Dungeons
- Dead Prisoner - found in Dungeons
- Evil Elf - found in Freezer
- Wolf - found in Freezer
- Jigsaw Piece - found in Great Maze
- Stone Golem - found in Great Maze
- Mage - found in Tallest Steeple
- Thunder Demon - found in Tallest Steeple
- Glitch - found in Dream World
- Optical Illusion - found in Dream World

##Midbosses

- Art Gallery: Idk
- Dungeons: RatMan - parody of BatMan, uses Ratarang, and other spoofs of Batman's arsenal
- Freezer: Frosty the Snowman - throws snowballs, sings ear-bleeding music, etc.
- Great Maze: Minotaur - pretty obvious what he does
- The Tallest Steeple: Hack Mage - reference to Black Mage from Final Fantasy, his strongest attack restarts the battle, he looks like a computer nerd version of the black mage.
- Dream World: Mirage - *info to be added later*

Commit message:

Enemy and Boss updates
added and changed some bosses/enemies

story/story.md, after:

﻿#Adventures in Texia 2: The Lost Tower

##Story

This game is a sequel to a text-based adventure game I made with Java in Summer 2013 (Adventures in Textia). This game stars the hero from my first game who jouneys to a new land, after he defeated Drake the Duck-Dragon, to find the mysterious Lost Tower. He journeys through a vast forest until he finds a clearing where an old man in a black hood stands. This man has a quest for our hero, to find 6 special items inside the tower. Our hero leaves the forest and into a field where the Lost Tower resides. He enters the tower where his 2nd adventure begins. Inside the Lost Tower he will have to journey through  its many areas to find and defeat the 6 bosses in order to complete the old man's quest and to discover the mystery of the Lost Tower.

After thwarting the tower's 6 bosses and obtaining each of their items, our Hero returns to the forest where the old man is waiting. Once he arrives, the old man accepts the 6 items and then tells our hero that he has made a terrible mistake; these 6 items have restored the Old Man to his previous potential and he is now the Shadow Warlock who can use the abilities of the 6 bosses and his own evil magic. Using the almighty power of the Awesome Sword he defeats the warlock and obtains his Cloak of Darkness. Our hero then learns that the Lost Tower was created to prevent the return of the Shadow Warlock by hiding the 6 items he needed inside and guarding them with the 6 bosses. Our hero returns the 6 items back to the Lost Tower; the 6 bosses thank him and tell him that he may keep the Cloak of Darkness as long as he never returns, if he were to do so, he would become the Shadow Warlock. They lastly tell him that this Cloak of Darkness has special properties that could help him in the future. He asks what they are but the bosses tell him that he'll just have to figure out on his own.

##Areas, Bosses, Items

- Art Gallery - Mr. Paint: Magic Paintbush
- Dungeons - Giant Spider: Spider Egg
- Freezer - Santa Claus: Candy Cane
- Great Maze - Cubix Rube: Pixel
- The Tallest Steeple - Randomly Exploding Wizard Guy: Electric Dynamite Stick
- Dream World -  Your Nightmare: Reality Powder
- Forest - Shadow Warlock: Cloak of Darkness

##Boss abilities and stuff

- Mr. Paint: paints enemies maybe, 
- Giant Spider: Shoots webs, climbs on ceiling, uses baby spiders
- Santa Claus: Throws presents and/or snowballs, uses sleigh or reigndeer in some way
- Cubix Rube: Flips gravity maybe, shoots pixels at hero,
- REWG: Throws dynamite,zaps your with lightning, 
- Nightmare: turns into the form of Drake the Duck-Dragon, teleports
- Warlock: uses other bosses abilities and combines abilities

##Common enemies

- Paint Glob - found in Art Gallery
- Haunted Portrait - found in Art Gallery
- Spider - found in Dungeons
- Dead Prisoner - found in Dungeons
- Rat - found in Dungeons
- Evil Elf - found in Freezer
- Wolf - found in Freezer
- Yeti - found in Freezer
- Jigsaw Piece - found in Great Maze
- Stone Golem - found in Great Maze
- Archer - found in Great Maze
- Mage - found in Tallest Steeple
- Thunder Demon - found in Tallest Steeple
- Ghost - found in Tallest Steeple
- Glitch - found in Dream World
- Mirage - found in Dream World
- Wisp - found in Dream World

##Midbosses

- Art Gallery: Idk
- Dungeons: RatMan - parody of BatMan, uses Ratarang, and other spoofs of Batman's arsenal
- Freezer: Frosty the Snowman - throws snowballs, sings ear-bleeding music, etc.
- Great Maze: Minotaur - pretty obvious what he does
- The Tallest Steeple: Hack Mage - reference to Black Mage from Final Fantasy, his strongest attack restarts the battle, he looks like a computer nerd version of the black mage.
- Dream World: Imaginary Friend - *info to be added later*
